https://www.upwork.com/jobs/~01dbb4ec6eaadbd32a

 Basically private members club for recreational poker place.
 Have just relaunched and we organize private games in dubai. it would be great if you can take notes for the data mining project that we have. So we want to use Facebook ads and we want to use  Facebook
reach our target customers who are interested in poker and gambling
And they are based in Dubai.
They are over the age of their business and they are over the age of 40. We are currently luanching in Dubai first.
Our project is not just going to be the buy based our plan is much bigger. We want to go to different cities after the buyer, like London, Tel Aviv, cities in America, Europe and Aisa.
We are launching in Dubai with the online model. If you provide a sample that satisfies then you can get the further projects in other cities.

So for Dubai project, we need 5000 profiles. You can provide a sample with 100 profiles.
People who follow poker or gambling related pages, people who are business owners or businessmen, or who have their business of their own and then the last maybe optional criteria is the age, which is if they're 40 plus. So the reason why age is an optional criteria is because sometimes they might not put age as public informaiton on Facebook but we can always tell their age by looking at their profile picture.
If they kept age private in Facebook, we don't want to lose those people, especially if they're in especially if they'r in Dubai and they also are a business owner. No we have created a list of pages. That is relevant to our customer to our target customer at leat. This is hypothesis. So we have created a list of here. It's like 60 to 65 pages. which, somebody who's interested in poker might follow, they might follow it.
So we need sb who can create a script or a board or something that is able to parse all that information and then filter it based on location. Then filter it based on ther occupation. That means they're either a business owner at something or their businessman at or owns business or something in their profile that says that they have a business. Or they're with the business, so those three ideas and then optional criteria is age 40 plus. SO now as you can see, there's different types of pages that we have shortlisted some of them are events, like poker related events, like World Series of Poker, is an event. Celebrity is like a person who's famous in the field of poker and then there's game is like Zynga poker. So this app Singapore on Facebook has 61 million likes. So 61 million people follow this page play on it or they just follow it for cakes or they're interested in it. And this is a huge number. And if you add all the potential leads from all these pages is probably we're going to be like more than 100 million. So we need somebody who can handle that size of data. Then we don't just need 100 million leads. We need 5000 needs. So we want to the best 5000 out of that hundred, a hundred million, and the way to do that is to filter it by location. Anybody who's not in Dubai, is irrelevant to us. Even if that information is private on their profile will still skip it because we want to be sure that they are in Dubai. Then anybody who's not a business woner, is kind of irrelavant to us. So even if that's private information, that they have a business or whatever they are not going to be in the final data set because we want to be sure that they own their business. The only thing that we are able to compromise on is age, if we are not sure. Let's say after a hundred millioin you filter through these two metrics and you reach 5000. Now you don't need to filter by age anymore because we filter by age. You'll get way less than 5000, because a lot of people don't have the age public on Facebook. But if you after 100 million applying those two filters of Dubai and business owner, reach a number like 200,000, now you can apply the filter of age and bring it further down in niche it down to 5000. So this is the logic that I'm operating on. But if you have a better logic or a better idea on how to find the best relevant customers for us. I am all yours. And if you can give me a sample of 1500 profiles that I will manually go and check. I will add them as friends also and I will manually go and whatever public information they have. And if it is all good, then we will not only give you the whole project. But then you have a chance to kee pon workign with us for more and more profiles in Dubai. and then also we go to different cities. We want you to be involved in any kind of data, mining or data scraping that we will need because nobody in the world is doing this. Everybody is organizing poker games based on word of mouth based on phone telemarketing based on in-person meetigns or going to games. Nobody is utilizing this huge data on Facebook and most of the people who play poker on Facebook. Most of the people who are our clients are on Facebook. So we want to you leverage the power of social media, and Facebook ads and social media marketing to actually grow the business. And then we will not only take over Dubai in terms of the business, we have no competition, we will go to London and other cities. And then we will do the same system there because we're building a funnel of content, they will watch our content they will come to our page, then they will like and follow then they will come on Whatsapp. So we have the whole fun on how they're going to go to the game. So if you understand the business model, then you understand there's a huge opportunity in this. So Its not just this project. But i want you to jsut take it this project at face value and we have put the budget at thousand dollars. 
So we have crated Dubai based poker groups, these may be private or public and listed people who have joined these groups to play poker, but as you can see, the numbers are very limited.
If you are not able to filter by age, and if you are not able to filter by profession of business owner, or businessman and if you are not able to filter by location, then you will not get the data we want.
We need sample to see if you can actually do what we are asking for. 
That is a very high level mining job. It's not just like I have told you sth then you need to follow it. You need to give me profiles I need. 
We are looking at accuracy and also efficiency.